So it is the book package class.
So it is defined inside the package travel.
We have imported the necessary packages which will be used in this class.
Then there is a public class book package extending the frame.
There is a private type of panel that is a content pane.
Then there is a text field.
There are two text fields, three choices.
Then inside the main function, we have defined the instance of the current class and set the visibility
as to.
After that there is a constructor parameterized constructor.
Set the bound for that frame, adding that panel and adding that panel to frame setting the layout of
the panel as null.
Then we have added.
And image and adding that image to the label, setting the bound for that label and adding that label
to our frame.
After that, there is another label as both package setting font for it, setting bound for it, which
will set us location and size.
Then adding that to our panel, that label to a panel content pane.
After that, there is a label L2.
New label user name setting bound for it.
Adding that label to our panel.
After that, there is another label.
Which will take a username, a string, and then setting bound for the label, adding that label to
our panel.
And after that there is a label select package setting bound for that and adding that label to our panel.
Then there is ac1 choice which will inside choice.
We have three packages gold, silver, bronze, package setting bound for the choice and adding that
to our panel.
After that, there is a label total persons setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
After that, there is a text field which will initially has zero setting bound for it, adding that
to our panel.
Then there is a label ID setting bound and everything for it and.
We can label it with respect to the ID there.
There's another label as a number which will have a end label and there is a phone number which will
have a respective back end label as well.
Then there is a label LP deposit total price and which will also have.
It's back end label.
Now, these back end label will be filled by using this statement and this block.
So try block we have initialize the connection which execute the query.
Select extra from customer where username will match and add the text to the as those labels add two,
three and four.
I had a phone number and then we have here.
J button check price for the check price.
When this button will be pressed, they will select the item from the choice.
Cost is close to zero.
If the goal package we will add cost is 12,000.
If silver package, then we will add cost with 25,000.
If Brown package, we will add cost with 32,000 and then cost will be converted into
get text from the text field.
And in alpha we will set the cost, then set the bound for that button background and follow the color
of the button.
Then we will.
When we'll click on book, we have performed the action event.
We will create a connection, select the item, insert in the book package.
We will insert into our book package table of the database.
Then we will show the package box successfully.
After that we have set the bound for that buttons, everything background color for one color and add
it to our panel.
Then there is a button which will close this window setting background color.
And I did that to our panel.
And the final finally there is we have set the background color of the window as white.
Now let's see we a catch class.
So we'll package classes and defined inside the package travel which will have imported.
If we have imported a necessary package for that class, we'll package classes extending frame and if
there is a private panel and the choice instance inside the main function, we have created its instance
and set the visibility as to inside the package.
We have first created the panel, then we have created an icon.
Added that to label set the bound for the label added that label to our window.
Similarly there is a view package detail setting font for it, bound for it, adding that label to our
frame.
After that there is another label user name setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is the respect empty label adding that also.
Then there is a label package, adding an empty panel with respect to the package.
Then there is a number of person adding that panel.
Then with respect to that, we have an empty label under the label as ID setting bound and everything
for that under the label as L four.
Then there is a label gender setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a label l five setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Label phone number setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a level six setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a label price setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
And then there is the empty label.
We have initialize the connection inside the trip log.
We will execute the query select abstract book package from username where username will batch match
and then it will iterate over the record of that username and.
11.6 test set text.
This will set those empty labels with the text from the database by getting a record from the database.
We will close the connection and after that there is an exit button, back button for which we have
defined action performed method in which the visibility of the current window will be false.
Now the button exit at the bound for the button exit, background color, foreground color of the button
exit and edit the button exit to our panel.
At last we have defined the background colour for the window which is as white.
After that there is a book hotel class.
Let's have a look on the book hotel as well.
Define inside the package travel.
We have imported the necessary packages.
Class book hotel is extending the frame a private type of panel content pane two text fields and three
choices.
Inside the main function we have formed the object of the book class set the visibility of its.
That's true.
Then we have defined an parameterized constructor of book hotel set, setting the panel layout size
and adding to add that our frame.
Then we have defined the image icon added that image icon to the label setting bound for it, adding
that label to a frame.
Then there is a label book, hotel setting, font bound, everything.
There is a label user name setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a label which will print the user name setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a label select hotel setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a choice.
C one initializing the connection to add elements in c one results that will execute the select X3 for
model.
This will iterate over the record of the table and add the name of the hotels in our choice C instance.
Even after that, we have set the bound for this even added achievement to our G frame.
After that, we have created a label that is total persons setting bound for that label.
Adding that to our panel.
Then there is a text field setting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a label number of days bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a label AC or non AC sitting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a choice we can select AC or C select bound for it.
Add it to our panel.
Then there's the label and six fold included sitting down for it.
I read that to our panel.
Then there is a choice.
Say three yes or no sitting down for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there is a j label ll be one ID sitting bound for it, adding that to our panel.
Then there's the label empty label for that, which will be fetched from the database.
Similarly, for the number, we have an empty label.
Similarly, there is a label for phone number and with respect to that, we have an empty label.
Similarly, for the total price, we have the label and empty label and inside the trip log we have
executed the result value which we select from customer where username will match and where is the batch?
We will set Delta L three and three L for text with it, type number and phone number of that user from
the database.
Then there is a button payment which will check price.
For the check price.
We will initialize the connection.
So you will not get selected and select from hotel rooms.
So this will select from this will select the details of the hotel where from where the choice will
match.
Execute that query and inside the cost it will add the cost per day, full charges and AC charges respectively.
Then there is person and person in today's a string AC price streak full price that all data will be
fetched from the respective fields of data.
Then a full percent or days is close to zero.
Then we will be calculating the total with these conditions.
After that, we will set the.
Bound for that button, everything adding that button and there is a button book.
When button will be pressed, we will update the book to book hotel values by this query and executing
the query with Execute Update Query.
After that, there is a hotel booked successfully.
Then there is a new button we have added setting bounds for it.
Background color for color for it.
Added that button to our content pane.
Then there's the button exit, which will set the visibility of the current window as false.
Then there is a button exit, set bound background color, foreground and exit button and get content
pane.
Set the background color of that window as white.
This is all.
How about these three classes?
Book Package, View Package and book hotel.
Let's have a look at the output of these classes.
Let me run this class.
This is how the book package will look like.
You can select package total person.
And when we will click on check price.
He will show you the price.
Google Plus zero.
So if I write seven persons for the silver.
And click.
It will calculate the price similarly.
Then I will be clicking on back.
Then let's have a look at the package output.
That's how the package detail will look.
There is no username.
That's why the package details have not been shown here.
Then there is a book.
Hotel.
Let me run this one also.
This is how the book hotel will look like.
You can select things from here.
As there is not we have not used added the user.
So that's why it is not showing the complete details here.
We will be adding these all the details in our output video of the live run of this project.
And the last.
That will be the last video.